---
layout: post
title:  "Writing Update"
date:   2022-05-17 17:00:00 -0600
categories: Writing Update
---

I think the first writing update appropriate for displaying my writing is an old poem I wrote. To make a long backstory short, I wrote this expanded version while we were doing a group project for Dante's Inferno. The original piece is the sectioned off bit about 3-quarters of the way in.

Living life in eternal pain,

Demons knock my door again.

Drag me to my place of doom,

It is more than just a room.

An arched pillar stands so proud,

Screams of agony are so loud.

I realize my pain will start,

When I rip out my still-beating heart.

I know what I've done to deserve His wrath,

As God above me watched my path.

I broke the heart of someone close,

I ignored poetry, and the prose.

That is why my eternal strife,

Is to destroy a sign of life.

Before I go to this haunted crypt,

I pass by a different script.

I look out and see a man,

Bound hands above head, no tan.

For his pants were drawn up to his chest,

Looking to be an uncomfortable rest.

I can tell how he was judged,

These pants would never budge.

He kept his pants well below the waist,

In horrifying and ugly distaste.

What makes him get a wedgie from Hell,

Is the idiotic loss of self.

In a ghetto, dirt and trash,

He would probably steal some cash.

Spraypaint on a wall, plain to see,

It just isn't a hell for me.

I move on, prodded by wraiths,

Into a time lacking faith.

They take me past strange lands,

Where sinners toil like farm hands.

Patrolled by a demon on horse,

I figure it out, of course!

These sinners once thought they owned,

Sections of Earth, far from home.

Enforcing their rules and ideas,

Now they work and they plea.

But it's too late, they've made their choice,

And now get played with like toys.

I see the ground, nothing green,

Green is life, which here is unseen.

No life, no hope, not a single prayer,

They curse God, and He doesn't care.

And now I walk out amongst the weak,

Big and tough sinners, I feel meek.

---

I look from here and what do I see?

The Horror of Hell staring back at me!

He develops an evil grin,

I've committed a terrible sin.

Now I see what Hell truly is,

And now I'll write like this.

A fire, a rain, just brimstone,

The evil figure lurks on his throne.

And through his empire he must gaze,

For all eternity, his nights and days.

The sinners all struck with grief,

He laughs, scoffs their disbelief.

In this little rhyme so plain,

I illustrate the horrors of his domain.

He does to those what they deserve,

For he's the God they now serve.

He rejoices each passing day,

As more souls fall astray.

From God's eternal loving light,

To Hell's forever, lonely night.

---

The endless pain, everlasting agony,

As God and man ignore their plea.

They cry, blubber, and sometimes curse.

The evils they endure are the worst.

No man should be subject to this,

But they deserve separation from eternal bliss.

So now you see what they endure,

If only my heart was clean and pure.

I would be in Heaven with God,

Tender loving mercy, but it's odd.

He condemns us all to this pain,

Never to find grace with him again.

If God is love, why am I here?

I hadn't had a single tear.

At my funeral, I know they joked,

And my body, I'm sure they poked.

Why must I be tortured in this way?

Forced to break my heart each day.

Rip it out with my own hands,

As time shifts like the sands.

I'm almost there, at the tomb,

In this empty Godforsaken room.

Why does He do this to me?

And now He ignores my plea.

Damn Him for this, I had reason,

For my anger, in that season.

My stress was high, and I got mad,

Burned and tore paintings from my dad.

His art was so well known,

A true seed had been sown.

So much for this, I've no regret.

His abuse is what I won't forget.

On my knees day and night,

Condemned to this afterlife.

And on that note, I will close,

As my blood and heart shows.